under NDA, the investors do get a usb with my teams programming, well, much of it, and feed everything in our programs, 
through validation checks, through copyright checks, and we will be will tear us apart if we make the slighest error from 
AI including derived stuffs.  The investing world is small, in New York, word travels fast, and we have one and only one shot,
at bringing something handcrafted, and intelligent to the table, and real.

We are not competing with hedge funds, but they do have their own monster mainframes, designed specifically for hyperthreaded,
distributed vector operational, extreme optimized code, lightning fast orders that are even learning to listen to the noise of
orders in the wires that connect across the street to the trading floor.

We are in between, .  we are not one of those stupid youtube video companies, the 'just trade with these two lines on your
screen and you will be instantly rich'.  nor are we a full sized finanical house, yet...

(team member safety), then first principles creation, with integrity and trust, are how we make a difference.  A fully
locked down, auditable system, is where we are headed.

My colleagues on wall street, have subscriptions to the real time, fast update info, but it often is costly, around 149/month,
with three different subscriptions needed. i think I should ask for a sponser at some point, if this is to go to 'synthetic' 
forward testing, and parsing thought every (half second to 15 seconds or something that you think that python won't get overloaded,
on a geforce powered desktop)

so, i was picturing, if a sufficiently developed abstraction of specific time-dependent market relationships was provided by you, 
or someone attempting to let us know how they think, then we would recieve that first long brainstorm, then we would ask a few 
questions to clarify, on our end, to understand, before releasing that.

one thing especially that has come to haunt us, is the cantango-like nature of options prices being elevated beyond what black
sholes, and beyond what is expected, such that, if one were to buy a call option (or a bull call spread), the greeks price in 
that expected retracement upwards... sometimes the move is 'priced in'.

the necessity of more accurate, more intelligent evaluation of what is happening, important. the costs of options, and the
costs of buying tesla and sympathetic stocks in that sector, make this the most expensive part of our multi-binned trading model,
especially when it comes to PMCC (poor mans covered call) territory. the margin for error in this idea of morning action, is the
highest risk, but also profitable, perhaps 15 to 30%, but that can be refined in backtesting/training/et cetera.

before we ask our first investor for 250k, with expectation to 2million, and share as much as we can with those how helped develop
the ideas, we need thinkers that come up with more than 'if two candles with wicks that point down, then buy', which was what one
person actually said to us... >:(

that can be a part of it, contributing within an overall scoring mechanic, among many other pieces of interlocking or overlapping puzzle pieces.

In the last two months, we have seen the highest volatility in 130 years, we lost 25% of market value, and the dollar is dropping. if a trading system cannot 'look out the window to check the weather (precipitation, wind, danger, storms, falling trees), then it will most certainly fail
